Come on, you have something to do with me, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, darling
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby girl
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son
Son, son, son, son, son, son
It's up to you, I'll handle it
I usually call him Xiao Li
I'll borrow a side eye to process, process, process, process.
You mean he is fine, you seem to be you
do you know him
Then why since he is not your disposal?
I'm really your deal with him
He was me before
But there's something else behind it
He is no better than me
What's the point of thinking?
Your mother, can you please return it?
I mentioned it just now
I I I I I I I I I I I
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me. me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me. me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me. me me me me
me me me me
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me
Invite the white man and her assistant to have dinner with her
You come too
Let's go together